valueScaleMin and valueScaleMax example (#891)
higlass/higlass: docs/view_config.rst

- ``CMD (or CTRL) + Enter`` to save, apply, and finalize changes and close the modal
- Hold ``ALT`` for 1 second to temporarily hide the modal. The modal will reappear as soon as you release ``ALT``.

> For example, here is a useful recipe for **fixing the value scale limits** when displaying a Hi-C map using a linear color scale. First, locate the description of the heatmap track you want to edit and find the options dictionary.

Author: ```suggestion
For example, here is a recipe for **fixing heatmap value scale limits** which is useful when browsing Hi-C data with a linear color scale because of its very high dynamic range. First, locate the description of the heatmap track you want to edit and find the options dictionary.
```
